Py thon BASiCS
==

The Python programming language has a wide range of(多种多样的) syntactical constructions(语法结构),
standard library functions(标准库函数), and interactive development environment features(交互式的开发环境特性). 

Fortunately(幸运的是), you can ignore most of that; you just need to learn enough to write some handy(方便的 ) little programs.

You will, however, have to learn some basic programming concepts(概念) before you can do anything. 

Like a wizard-in-training(翻译结果), you might think these concepts seem arcane and tedious(神秘而乏味), 
but with some knowledge and practice, you’ll be able to command your computer like a magic wand(魔法杖) to perform incredible feats(完成惊世壮举).

This chapter has a few examples that encourage(鼓励) you to type into the interactive shell, 
which lets you execute Python instructions one at a time and shows you the results instantly(立即).

Using the interactive shell is great for learning what basic Python instructions do, so give it a try as you follow along(当你往下看的时候都尝试一下).
 
You’ll remember the things you do much better than the things you only read.(做过的事情比只是简单的看更能深入记忆)


Entering expressions into the interactive Shell
--

You run the interactive shell by launching IDLE, which you installed with Python in the introduction. 

On Windows, open the Start menu, select All Programs > Python 3.3, and then select IDLE (Python GUI). 

On OS X, select Applications > MacPython 3.3 > IDLE. 

On Ubuntu, open a new Terminal window and enter  idle3 .

A window with the  >>> prompt(提示) should appear; that’s the interactive shell. 
Enter  2 + 2 at the prompt to have Python do some simple math.


errorS Are okAy!
--

Programs will crash if they contain code the computer can’t understand, which will cause Python to show an error message . 
An error message won’t break your computer, though, so don’t be afraid to make mistakes .
A crash just means the program stopped running unexpectedly(出乎意料的) .
If you want to know more about an error message, you can search for the exact message text online to find out more about that specific error . 
You can also check out the resources at http://nostarch.com/automatestuff/ to see a list of common Python error messages and their meanings .

There are plenty of other operators(大量的其他操作) you can use in Python expressions, too. 
For example, Table 1-1 lists all the math operators in Python.

The order of operations (also called precedence(优先级) of Python math operators is similar to that of mathematics(数学). The  ** operator is evaluated first;
the  * ,  / ,  // , and  % operators are evaluated next, from left to right; 
and the + and  - operators are evaluated last (also from left to right). 

You can use parentheses to override the usual precedence if you need to. 
Enter the following expressions into the interactive shell:


